Hey.
The sects participating in the destruction of Immortal Village are all waiting for me.
Killing people pay back life tooth for tooth
this is a beginning
Come in.
Won't use honey traps on me?
so ugly
Want to have the beautiful Pham Cong Tu
Long Night
It's better to let the little girl have a few drinks with you.
This.
Are you writing something?
Martial arts secret manual for sect leader Chu
Star?
You also want
No need.
The little girl will step back.
I won't bother you anymore.
Have this good wine
There are no beauties.
Feels like it will lack a lot of flavor.
Then I will have a few drinks with you.
Don't get me wrong.
The beauty I am talking about is not you.
Farnham, what are you?
See you are in a hurry.
you are so beautiful
Beauty is not enough to define you
You are like an angel in heaven.
Fairy spirit fluttering.
Pretend you can talk.
So you say.
Which god in heaven am I?
Come to bed I tell you